If you're seeing these lines of text, then this text file was produced by the Jeopardy Review Game written in Java by juniors at Troy High School.
These lines are intended to discourage you from editing this file
If you are interested in directly modifying the particular set of questions in this text file, please refrain from modifying the formatting.
However, it is recommended that you edit this set of questions directly through the program.
Categories:
Civil War# Slavery in the Territories# Reconstruction# America Expands# The Constitution# 
Questions:
C1QA
How many branches did the new Constitution create and what are the branches?
Three – Executive, Legislative, and Judicial
What had to be added to the Constitution that protected individual rights from a powerful central government and what group insisted that they be added?
Bill of Rights, Anti-Federalists
Names of the two groups that arose from the Constitutional Congress
Federalists and the Anti-Federalists
What type of government  did the Constitution set up, in which power is shared? (10th Amendment)
Federalism
What government did the Constitution replace?
Articles of Confederation
C2QA
The Lewis and Clark Expedition’s main impact was (to encourage people to)?
Move (Travel) West
Belief that it was inevitable and part of God’s plan that America should stretch from sea to sea?
Manifest Destiny
Why did the Mormons move west to Utah?
Religious persecution
The encouragement of people to help the unfortunate and that salvation was available to anyone, rich or poor, was part of the?
2nd Great Awakening
What is the term that has come to mean taking the campaign to the people?
Jacksonian Democracy
C3QA
What was the 1st attempt by Congress to keep the balance between free slaves and slave states?
Missouri Compromise
What movement did the South reject?
Reform
With the Kansas-Nebraska Act, what was decided about slavery in those territories?
Popular sovereignty
Name two provisions on the Compromise of 1850?
Tough Fugitive Slave Act and California became a free state
Tougher Fugitive Slave Act because of the Compromise of 1850 led to?
Underground Railroad
C4QA
President of the Confederacy?
Jefferson Davis
States that remained in the Union that had slaves (Kentucky, Delaware, Maryland, Missouri)?
Border states
Immediate cause of the Civil War (caused several Southern states to secede)?
Election of Lincoln
The two strategies of the war (match them up to the side)?
South - Defensive War, North -Anaconda Plan
What two battles were the turning points of the Civil War and why was each one a turning point?
Vicksburg – the Union controlled the Mississippi River. Gettysburg – Gave the Union confidence (Lee wasn’t infallible)
C5QA
How would you describe Lincoln’s Plan and how would you describe the Radical Republican’s Plan for Reconstruction?
Lincoln – lenient, forgiving
Johnson’s defiance of Tenure of Office Act led to him being?
Impeached
Name of the system which replaced slavery in the South in which freed blacks were economically tied to an area?
Sharecropping
What was the name of the government agency set up during Reconstruction to help former slaves with such things as medical aid, education, and job training?
Freedmen’s Bureau
What ended Reconstruction and why?
Compromise of 1877, last federal troops left the South
End Questions

Final Jeopardy Question
Name the three ways Southerner’s tried to go around the 15th Amendment?
Final Jeopardy
Literacy Tests, Poll Taxes, and the Grandfather Clause
How much?
Immediate cause of the Civil War (caused several Southern states to secede)?
Daily Double Response
Election of Lincoln
Daily Double Slide Location
$400 Para estar en forma Question
To change Daily Double:
(1)  Link Para estar en forma, $400 question to correct question page
(2)  Select new daily double location, edit link to daily double slide.
(3)  To change... right click game board square.  Select: hyperlink --> edit hyperlink and select.
