If you're seeing these lines of text, then this text file was produced by the Jeopardy Review Game written in Java by juniors at Troy High School.
The existance of these top lines of text tells the program that this text file is readable to the machine
If you are interested in directly modifying the particular set of questions in this text file, please refrain from modifying the formatting.
However, it is recommended that you edit this set of questions directly through the program.
Categories:
The Project# Updated the creators# Mathematics# US History# Fun Facts#
Questions:
C1QA
This app was a project assigned by which class?
IB Comp Sci SL
What programming language is this project written in?
Purely Java
What program was used to allow the creators to develop this project?
BlueJ
Who was this project designed to assist?
Mr. Milhizer
What was the original file type of the jeopardy review game?
Microsoft Powerpoint
C2QA
Who were the only people to program this app?
Phoenix, Siddhant, and Justin.
Which creator did nothing for over a month?
Bao Nguyen
Who, in the development staff, has seen this file?
Phoenix and Siddhant
Who, in the development staff, was the original creator of this particular review set?
Phoenix
Which three group members were also in a group for the project before this one?
Phoenix, Siddhant, Justin
C3QA
What is slope?
The rate of change
Who was responsible for developing Calculus?
Issac Newton
What is 0 to the power of 0?
undefined
In angular mathematics, how is a radian calculated?
Total distance traveled divded by the radius of the circle
What mathematic constant, with an exponent of x, has a slope equal to its original function
e
C4QA
Who was the first president of the United States?
George Washington
What was the "Final Solution"
A plan by Adolf Hitler to exterminate all the inferior races
What was the immediate cause of the Civil War?
Sucession of the southern states from the union due to Lincoln's election.
Which president(s) was/were Catholic?
John F. Kennedy
Who was the first person to take the presidential campaign to the people?
Andrew Jackson
C5QA
35 nautical miles is equivalent to about how many miles?
40 miles
What device connects wireless devices to the internet?
Router
How do you find the exact area of a circle?
You can't, pi is infinite and we are therefore unable to find exact measurements
One of the hottest peppers, the Trinidad Moruga Scorpion, is about how hot in scoville units?
2 million Scoville Heat Units
What is a cow-bison hybrid called?
A beefalo
End Questions

How good is your memory? Throughout this entire quiz, how many questions are there?
27, 25 + these final 2
